Nonimmigrant Visa - Confirmation Page                                                                                 10/12/2014 9:13 pm




Print Confirmation

Online Nonimmigrant Visa Application (DS-160)


Confirmation
This confirms the submission of the Nonimmigrant visa
application for:

                                 Name              GARTH, LAUREN RAE         Location Selected:
                                 Provided:
                                                                            SYD
                                 Date Of Birth:    24 MAY 1990              U.S. Consulate General Sydney
                                 Place of Birth:   TOWNSVILLE, AUSTRALIA    Level 10, 19-29 Martin Place
                                                                            Sydney, New South Wales 2000
                                 Gender:           Female                   Australia
                                 Country/Region AUSTRALIA
                                 of Origin
                                 (Nationality) :
                                 Passport          N5305677
                                 Number:
                                 Purpose of        FIANCÉ(E) OF A U.S.
                                 Travel:           CITIZEN (K1)
                                 Completed On: 10 DEC 2014                              Version 01.02.01
                                 Confirmation      AA004M2TIK
                                 No:


                           THIS IS NOT A VISA


Note: Electronically submitting your DS-160 online application is the FIRST STEP in the visa application process. The next step is to
review the internet page of the embassy or consulate where you plan to apply for your visa. Most visa applicants will need to schedule a
visa interview, though some applicants may qualify for visa renewal. The embassy or consulate information may include specific local
instructions about scheduling interviews, submitting your visa application, and other frequently asked questions.

YOU MUST BRING the confirmation page and the following document(s) with you at all steps during the application process:
  Passport; Evidence of approved I-129F

You may also provide any additional documents you feel will support your case.




https://ceac.state.gov/GenNIV/General/ESign/Complete_Done.aspx?node=Done                                                       Page 1 of 2
Nonimmigrant Visa - Confirmation Page                                                                                   10/12/2014 9:13 pm



Instructions
YOU MUST SUBMIT the confirmation page with a clear and legible barcode at the time of your interview. If you do not have access to
a printer at this time, select the option to email your confirmation page to an email address. You may print or email your application for
your own records. YOU DO NOT need to submit the application at the time of the interview.
Please note that you will be required to provide proof that you have paid the visa application fee and any other fees associated with your
application. There may be other fees associated with the visa application process. Please check your country's Reciprocity Schedule for
any other fees you may owe.
If you have further questions, or to find out how to contact the Consular Post, please go to http://www.ustraveldocs.com or
http://travel.state.gov .
NOTE: Unless exempt from an interview, you will be required to sign your application by providing a biometric signature, i.e. your
fingerprint before a consular officer. By providing this biometric signature you are certifying under penalty of perjury that you have read
and understood the questions in your nonimmigrant visa application and that all statements that appear in your nonimmigrant visa
application have been made by you and are true and complete to the best of your knowledge and belief. Furthermore at the time of your
interview, you will be required to certify under penalty of perjury that all statements in your application and those made during your
interview are true and compete to the best of your knowledge and belief.
You electronically signed your application on 12/10/2014 8:27:09 AM (GMT-05:00). You were required to electronically sign your
application yourself, unless otherwise exempt by regulation, even if the application was prepared by someone other than yourself. Your
electronic signature certifies that you have read and understood the questions in this application and that your answers are true and
correct to the best of your knowledge and belief. The submission of an application containing any false or misleading statements may
result in the permanent refusal of a visa or the denial of entry into the United States. All declarations made in this application are
unsworn declarations made under penalty of perjury. (28 U.S.C. 1746).
The information that you have provided in your application and other information submitted with your application may be accessible to
other government agencies having statutory or other lawful authority to use such information, including for law enforcement and
immigration law enforcement purposes. The photograph that you provide with your application may be used for employment verification
or other U.S. law purposes.




https://ceac.state.gov/GenNIV/General/ESign/Complete_Done.aspx?node=Done                                                         Page 2 of 2
