212 Olde Pulley Ln. Apt. L
Menasha, WI 54952

Dear :
My wife, Lauren Rae Garth, and I had filed forms I-130, Petition for Alien Relative, and I-485, Application to Register Permanent Residence or Adjust Status, on her behalf on July 29th, 2015.
After Lauren was approved for a K-1 Fiancé Visa, she traveled to the United States to marry me, Brent Jacobs. We were married by law in Oshkosh, WI on Friday June 12th, 2015. A wedding celebration for friends and family was held in Elkhart Lake, WI on Saturday August 29th, 2015.
Lauren had received an I-797C Notice of Action form issued on August 8th, 2015 requesting that she appear at the Application Support Center in Milwaukee, WI for her Biometric Screening appointment at 1:00pm on August 25th, 2015. She attended and completed the Biometric Screening appointment at the requested date and time. 

After Lauren’s Biometric Screening appointment on August 25th, 2015, neither Lauren nor I had received any further communications from USCIS for over six months. Near the end of February, 2016, we reached out to our attorney, Marcel Oliveira, and requested that he contact USCIS on our behalf to further investigate our petition. In March, 2016, Mr. Oliveira received a communication from USCIS regarding our petition that informed us that the Post Office had returned a notice they had sent to us, regarding our Form I-485, because they could not deliver it. 

Fearing that we may have missed our interview date, we immediately requested, via an email to USCIS, that the notice be sent to us again. Mr. Oliveira also reached out to USCIS immediately upon hearing from us on this matter. When Mr. Oliveira had called USCIS in mid-April they notified him that since Lauren and I had requested online for a re-issuance of the notice, the Nebraska Center was barred from sending him the notice directly. Mr. Oliveira was informed that the notice we had requested would arrive to us no later than May 9th, 2016. 

On Tuesday May 3rd, 2016, both Lauren and I had each received letters from USCIS. Lauren was notified that her application for her Form I-485 was denied. The letter stated that USCIS had requested that she appear for an interview on January 28th, 2016, but she did not appear as requested. It also stated that she did not submit any correspondence to USCIS explaining why she was unable to appear for the interview, therefore her application was considered abandoned and denied. 
My letter notified me that my Form I-130 was denied. The letter stated that USCIS had requested I appear for an interview on February 17th, 2016 at 11:00am, but I did not appear as requested. It also stated that I did not submit any correspondence to USCIS explaining why I was unable to appear for the interview, therefore my application was considered abandoned and denied.
We are very concerned about the status of our petitions as USCIS’s notices were never successfully delivered to us. In turn, we could not attend our interviews because we were never made aware of their dates and times. It is the intention of Mr. Oliveira, Lauren and myself to file Form I-290B to request that our petitions be reconsidered and reopened. 

Sincerely,