From: Kyle Malone <engineer.kyle@icloud.com>
To: Marcel Oliveira <marcel@trysymple.com>
Date: Sat, 10 Feb 2024 19:13:50 -0600
Subject: Re: Catching Up
Message-ID: <6013D803-E320-40FE-A326-3A31481BA2FC@icloud.com>

Well her education is all in the Philippines. So she might need to do some sort of refresher courses… only she will know. But she has her bachelor’s degree already. So, yes, you understand. Her so. Will be coming too. He is 3 years old?… so he goes where she goes. No spouse. Dad was a deadbeat anyways. Could Caren do another bachelor degree? If she needed? I know people who came here and did school for years while petitioning family worked the green card. Is that doable? Or must she leave after school? We are thinking University of Minnesota Duluth. It’s walking distance and lots of work around too….
I hope I answered your question…Kyle Malone608-209-2844
Sent from my iPhone


On Feb 10, 2024, at 4:08 PM, Marcel Oliveira <marcel@trysymple.com> wrote:

﻿
    Kyle:

Good to hear from you. I hope the family is doing well. 

If I understand correctly, Caren wants to get a visa to come to the United States for a master’s program? If so, the first step would be for her to pick a school—so that we can make sure the school can sponsor a student visa. Most can, but some cannot. The visa would most like be an F-1. Spouses and children are eligible for F-2 dependent visas as well. The visas could also be J’s or M’s, but most likely F’s. 

Let me know if that I have that down correctly. And I can give you the step-by-step next. 

Marcel S. Oliveira, J.D.
Chief Executive Officer




31 Hudson Yards | Floor 11 | New York | NY | 10001
t. +1 (212) 464-7255
 
* This email may contain privileged or confidential information. This includes client information which privacy laws protect. Reviewing, disseminating, distributing, or copying any of this information is prohibited. If you are not the intended recipient of this message, please contact the sender and destroy the message. Symple is not a law firm. This email does not contain, or should not be relied upon as, legal or tax advice. 








    On Feb 10, 2024 at 16:35:40, Kyle Malone <engineer.kyle@icloud.com> wrote:

    
        
Hello Marcel,I hope you’re having a great New Year. I wanted to catch up and maybe get started on a filing…

We will be working on Dak’s documents eventually. He has had a problem with some of his documents for a while. He’s still working out those details.

In the meantime, Caren and her son Azi both have their documents and Passports. But, Carens intent is to work which means working on a Masters Degree and working when she can. Ali is very young, I’m not sure how this should work?…but he does already have a passport and has traveled with mom to a few countries already. Her thought is, since green cards are a longer wait now, she’ll just stay in school and work as she can until green cards are obtainable. Her degree is in technology (IT), but I’m unclear of her plan. 

If you can guide me to the correct website location, I’ll review it and have Caren review as well. Luwilyn was asking cost or payment plan information too. This time we are about 90% positive she is moving forward. Covid lockdowns in Asia opened her eyes a lot….

Once I understand what she needs to do, I’ll have her get started.
Thanks in advance for the guidance. 

Kyle Malone | c 608-209-2844
From MacOS








On Oct 13, 2023, at 12:42 PM, Marcel Oliveira <marcel@trysymple.com> wrote:
Good afternoon Kyle:
Happy Friday. I hope this email finds you and the family well. And I hope that the weather in MN is still hovering above freezing—you know how it goes in October in the midwest. 

I found a note in my notebook to follow up with you on Dac’s potential visa, from our conversation from a while ago. I figured you were no longer pursuing it, but there is always a chance that I missed something—so this is me checking in just in case. Let me know. 

Marcel S. Oliveira, J.D.
Chief Executive Officer




31 Hudson Yards | Floor 11 | New York | NY | 10001
t. +1 (212) 464-7255
 
* This email may contain privileged or confidential information. This includes client information which privacy laws protect. Reviewing, disseminating, distributing, or copying any of this information is prohibited. If you are not the intended recipient of this message, please contact the sender and destroy the message. Symple is not a law firm. This email does not contain, or should not be relied upon as, legal or tax advice. 














    







