From: "Marcel S. Oliveira" <marcel@symplestart.com>
To: "engineer.kyle@icloud.com" <engineer.kyle@icloud.com>
Date: Thu, 12 Nov 2020 13:10:16 -0500
Subject: Re: Checking In
Message-ID: <5667A46E-AEAD-46FA-A705-1DDFF02140D9@symplestart.com>

Kyle:

Good to hear from you too. 

Regarding your question.  Luwilyn will need to learn enough to pass the civics test, which is the “interview” of the citizenship process.  During the “civics” test, the interviewer asks a few out of 100 possible, pre-determined civics questions.  They will never ask anything outside of those 100 questions — and they will obviously not ask all of them. 

I am attaching the government’s list of all 100 questions and answers.  You can have Luwilyn study these.  During her interview/test, they will ask her a random selection out of these.  If she knows all of these, she will be set. 

Let me know if you need anything else on this. 



On Nov 9, 2020, at 8:51 PM, Kyle Malone <engineer.kyle@icloud.com> wrote:

Hi Marcel,
Wow! Good to hear from you. So, in order to pass her interview, does she need to "learn" anything? Like government questions or social studies? Please upload or forward anything she might need to prepare for before the interview.

Well, originally, we were moving forward on David's application. But, just this morning, we got our updated taxes send over, and we are about $4000 short of what we owe. So, let me work out repayment details, and we'll let you know in the next week or two.

In Duluth, we did have a week of snow in mid-October. We were shocked. But, this last week has been incredibly beautiful and warm. Hoovering around the low to mid 60's. But, forecast show us dropping back into colder temps later this week.

I see COVID must be over in New York. It's amazing to me, as soon as the election is over, all the liberals running New York start gathering in large groups and losing the mask while celebrating. One things for sure Marcel, the corruption in NY Government will always be a constant. I wish you only the best fighting the tax man. COVID hurt me financially really. Being out of work for 6 months really cleaned me out. But health wise, God blessed me with continued life. Even though I'm more quiet now because of the electrolarynx. But, as days past I become less self-conscious about having to use it. Maybe I'll never get used to sounding like "Megatron" when I talk. But, I'm alive and healthy and happy otherwise.

I hope you are well my friend. It's always good hearing from you. Look for our decision on David's application ASAP.
Take care always Marcel. Stay in touch.

Kyle Malone
608.209.2844 c
Sent from Macbook Pro

On 11/9/20, 5:21 PM, "Marcel Oliveira" <marcel@symplestart.com> wrote:

   Evening Kyle:

   It’s been a few weeks since we chatted, so I thought I would check in and drop a quick note/update.

   On Luwilyn’s citizenship.  We are now about 2 months into the processing period for her citizenship.  That should put her citizenship interview and swearing in ceremony around mid-March to mid-April, at least at current paces of 5-6 months.  It is possible that I will get a notice of something sooner but, considering the fact that the federal government checks out between Thanksgiving and Christmas, I doubt that. 

   On David’s citizenship.  Are you ready to get the ball rolling on that?  I have most of his information already.  I won’t charge you anything extra to do his; it will just be the government’s filing fee, and I can send in the paperwork. 

   On everything else: how are things?  Getting cold in Duluth (assuming you are still there)?

   Let me know.  Hope all is well on your end.

   Sincerely, 


   Marcel S. Oliveira, J.D.
   Chief Executive Officer
   Symple Start LLC




