From: Brent Jacobs <jacobs.brent34@gmail.com>
To: Marcel Oliveira <Marcel.Oliveira@reynoldsoliveira.com>
CC: Lauren Garth <laurenraegarth@gmail.com>
Date: Tue, 21 Jul 2015 14:45:08 +0000
Subject: Re: AOS Update
Message-ID: <CAA7CFonaJ1a91a7PL4AstYTwgrWdQ+vUTj4-vnJLB1E5WSe_=A@mail.gmail.com>

Do you have the prior G-325A? If I just give you my current job and address to add to the list we've submitted already, would that suffice? If so: 

Current Employer: REM Wisconsin
Job Title: Program Director
Time worked; March 2nd - Present

Current Address: 212 Olde Pulley Lane Apt. L, Menasha, Wisconsin 54952 USA
Time at address: May 2014 - Present

If not, please let me know and I can get you the past 4 occurrences of each.

On Tue, Jul 21, 2015 at 9:40 AM, Brent Jacobs <jacobs.brent34@gmail.com> wrote:
Brent's ​Father's City and Country of birth:
Sheboygan, Wisconsin, USA
(DOB: 04/26/1963)

Brent's Father's City and Country of residence:​
Sheboygan, Wisconsin, USA

Brent's Mother's DOB: (03/04/1963)

Brent's Mother's City and Country of birth:
Sheboygan, Wisconsin, USA

Brent's Mother's City and Country of residence:
Sheboygan, Wisconsin, USA

On Mon, Jul 20, 2015 at 7:21 PM, Marcel Oliveira <Marcel.Oliveira@reynoldsoliveira.com> wrote:
Brent:

Here are the answers to your questions:

1. I received the sealed envelope from Concentra, as well as another envelope with Lauren’s copy of the medical examination. That is ready to go. 

2. Here are the items still needed for the packet:

a. A completed G-325A from Brent, or the answer to the following questions:

i. Father’s city and country of birth

ii. Father’s city and country of residence

iii. Mother’s date of birth

iv. Mother’s city and country of birth

v. Mother’s city and country of residence

vi. Addresses where you lived for the last five years and the dates you lived there

vii. Employment for the last five years, your occupation at each employer, and the dates you worked there

b. Lauren’s mother’s country and city of residence, and Lauren’s father’s country and city of residence (these items were blank on Lauren’s previous G-325A)

c. The check(s) for the filing fees (see answer to item 3)

d. The financial documentation, including tax returns

e. A set of four passport-style photos for each of you (which you can obtain at a CVS, Walgreens, or similar place)

3. If you cut checks directly to the government, please cut checks separately: one for each fee as outlined at the end of our checklist (all checks should be addressed to the Department of Homeland Security). If it is easier for you, you can cut a single check addressed to “Reynolds Oliveira LLC Trust,” and I will take care of cutting the difference checks on your behalf.

4. Sounds good. If we get those by the close of business on Thursday, we can have them added to the packet and ready to go by the time we meet on Saturday. 

If you have any other questions, let me know! 

Sincerely, 

Marcel S. Oliveira

Principal Attorney

REYNOLDS OLIVEIRA LLC

407 East Main Street

Madison, WI 53703

Phone: (608) 257-3621

Fax: (608) 257-5551

ReynoldsOliveira.com

*This is a transmission from the law firm of Reynolds Oliveira LLC, and may contain information which is privileged, confidential, and protected by the attorney/client or attorney work product privileges. If you are not the addressee, note that any disclosure, copying, distribution, or use of the contents of this message is prohibited. If you have received this transmission in error, please destroy it and notify us immediately by calling (608) 257-3621.*

*Internal Revenue Service regulations require Reynolds Oliveira LLC to make clear that any federal tax advice this message may contain is not intended and cannot be used for (1) avoidance of federal tax penalties or (2) promotion, marketing or recommendation to any other party of any transaction this message may address.*

-----Original Message-----
From: Brent Jacobs [mailto:jacobs.brent34@gmail.com] 
Sent: Monday, July 20, 2015 10:43 AM
To: Marcel Oliveira
Cc: Lauren Garth
Subject: AOS Update

Good morning Marcel,

Just wanted to check in with you about a couple things:

1. Do you have the sealed medical examination envelope from Concentra?

2. Is there anything besides the tax history information that you still need from us?

3. Do we need to write separate checks for each form we file or can we simply write out a single check for the total cost?

4. We will be compiling our USB drive with pictures and other supporting documentation for you this week. 

If there is anything I may have missed or that you still need us to complete please let us know. If not, we will see you Saturday at 1pm!

-Brent Jacobs 

Sent from my iPhone



-- 
Brent S. Jacobs




-- 
Brent S. Jacobs


