From: Marcel Oliveira <Marcel Oliveira>
To: "laurenraegarth@gmail.com" <laurenraegarth@gmail.com>
CC: Brent Jacobs <jacobs.brent34@gmail.com>
Date: Tue, 31 Jan 2017 23:26:40 +0000
Subject: Re: Success!
Message-ID: <B9BCB8D7-70CE-4155-9B95-D0F15C1DC008@oliveira-enterprises.com>

Lauren: 

I guess I should mention what happens next. Within a week or so, you should be getting one or two Form I-797A, Notice of Approval. I say “one or two” because USCIS may issue a single notice, or one for each the I-130 (which is the request for a green card alone) and the I-485 (which is the request for adjustment of status). The notice(s) are sufficient to give you status (meaning permission to permanently reside in the United States) and to give you work authorization (an employer could use the notice to run an I-9 check on your ability to work). 

Within two to three weeks from now, you will be getting the green card in the mail. The green card gives you all of those same benefits, plus the ability to travel and re-enter the United States. 

You will note that your documentation will mention the fact that you are a “conditional permanent residency.” As you may remember, if you get a marriage-based green card within the first two years of marriage, the green card is conditional for two years. The condition is that you remain married for those two years. 

Within 90 days of the expiration of your two-year conditional period, meaning about 1 year and 9 months from now, USCIS will send you a notice asking you to file a petition to remove conditions. The petition, which is based on Form I-751, is basically an abbreviated repeat of this process: you send in the form and evidence of a bona fide relationship, and they review that. This time, there is no biometrics or interview — but there is always a filing fee (currently $595, but sure to go up by then). When we get there, feel free to get a hold of me about how to navigate that part of the process. 

As a marriage-based green card recipient, you have the opportunity to shorten your path to citizenship. Typically, the citizenship wait period for permanent residents is 5 years from the issuance of the first green card. For marriage-based green card holders, the period is 3 years. But there is a catch: you need to live with Brent for those three years. Temporary vacations and similar times apart are fine; but holding different addresses at any point in that period will break the chain — and put you back on the 5-year track. 

If either of you have any questions about this information, please do not hesitate to contact me.


On Jan 31, 2017, at 2:09 PM, Marcel Oliveira <MSO@oliveira-enterprises.com> wrote:

Lauren: 

Excellent. Great to hear. That was one hell of an ordeal, but I knew it would work out. Congratulations to you both! 

The green card should come in the mail soon. If either of you have any questions, hit me up. 


On Jan 31, 2017, at 2:07 PM, Lauren Garth <laurenraegarth@gmail.com> wrote:

Hey Marcel, 

Just to update you, I went to check the status of our case today, and it has informed us that our case has been approved and that the notice will be sent in the mail! 

Attached is a screenshot from my phone. 


-Lauren 
<IMG_2417.PNG>






On Thu, Jan 12, 2017 at 11:18 AM Marcel Oliveira <MSO@oliveira-enterprises.com> wrote:
Brent: 

Great to hear. I was confident the interview would go well. And this does sound like as good an interview as you can get. 

As for the medical exam, that is a good question. By USCIS rule, medical examinations last for one year from the completion of the form. Here is a link to that rule: https://www.uscis.gov/news/alerts/uscis-issues-new-policy-form-i-693-report-medical-examination-and-vaccination-record. That means that if you file the form within one year, you are good — which you guys did. But the added complexity in your case is the reopening: upon reopening the case, the clock may start again on that form (like it apparently did with the biometrics). So we will have to wait and see. 

If they do not require another medical examination, you will get a notice of approval in the mail and, a few days later, the green card. If they do require another medical examination, they will send you the request. You will then repeat the process, send that in to them, and wait for the approval later. 

If you have any questions, let me know. 


On Jan 12, 2017, at 8:52 AM, Brent Jacobs <jacobs.brent34@gmail.com> wrote:

Hello Marcel!! 

So recap on our stuff yesterday:

We got there early (7:35am) and Lauren got her Biometrics done at 8:05am. We then proceeded upstairs to check in and wait for our interview. The officer met with us around 8:45am.

She seemed very laid back about things, verified our current address and briefly reviewed our long journey towards an interview and briefly provided an explanation as to how our first notice may not have been delivered. 

She started by asking us both about our current address, and if we'd be at that address for the next 4-6 weeks. She confirmed we were married on June 12, 2015. Then she asked Lauren questions verbatim off the application we filed back in 2015 (both the I-130 and I-485). These questions were to the extent of: "Have you ever conspired against the US?" etc. She was even checking answers to questions before Lauren was even finished speaking on some questions. 

She then asked Lauren if she went by Garth or Jacobs, and then asked what she wanted printed on her card. We felt this to be a great sign. She reviewed everything a final time and then gave us the remaining details. We'd have to wait at least a week for Lauren's Biometrics results to come back as this is usually done months prior to an interview. 

The only other hitch was that her last Immigration physical was over a year ago. Lauren had done her physical in the US prior to filing the AoS application. The officer told us that she believes the new time constraints on those physicals are a year long. The immigration officer seemed very reluctant to have to have us do that process all over again and said she would check with USCIS about it. 

All in all, the interview felt great. We both had great interactions with the officer and left the interview feeling really optimistic. We will be checking the website next week regularly to see if there are any updates posted on our case. 

Sent from my iPhone




