                                        INTRODUCTION

This operating agreement, by and between Caren Braun LLC and Caren Retamar Braun, is
effective as of its date of execution.

                                         DEFINITIONS

Capitalized terms in this instrument shall have the following definitions:

"Agreement" means this operating agreement.

"The Company" means Caren Braun LLC, a member-managed Minnesota limited liability
company.

"The Member" means Caren Retamar Braun, an individual national of the Philippines and
domiciled in the Philippines, and any entity in which Caren Retamar Braun owns an equity
interest of more than fifty percent (50%) or otherwise owns a controlling interest.

"Party" means the Company or the Member individually, as the case may be.

"Parties" means the Company and the Member collectively.

"Representative" means the Member and any person or entity the Member legally authorizes to
act on the Company's behalf or to otherwise legally bind the Company.

                                        BACKGROUND

1. The Member has founded the Company and intends to manage it directly.

2. The Parties intend this Agreement to serve as proof of the Member's ownership of the
   Company and to memorialize the Parties' understanding regarding the Member's rights and
   responsibilities with respect to the Company.

3. Therefore, pursuant to consideration whose validity and sufficiency the Parties acknowledge,
   the Parties agree to the following terms and conditions.




                                                 1
                                 TERMS AND CONDITIONS

Section 1: Formation

Section 1.1: Initial Registration
The Member has formed the Company by causing articles of organization to be filed with the
State of Minnesota. These articles establish the Company's initial registered agent.

Section 1.2: Additional Registration
Without prejudice to the validity or enforcement of this Agreement, a Representative may:

a. Change in any way the Company's initial registration under Section 1.1, including the
   Company's registered agent;

b. Cause the Company to become registered as a foreign entity in one or more additional
   jurisdictions; and

c. Transfer the Company's domicile to a different jurisdiction.

Section 1.3: Name and Aliases
Without prejudice to the validity or enforcement of this Agreement, a Representative may:

a. Change the Company's legal name; and

b. Create, change, or remove any registrations of aliases and doing-business-as names in any
   jurisdiction.

Section 1.4: No Additional Members
Under this Agreement, the Company shall not admit any additional members, or any member
who is not the Member. Any transaction resulting in any third party acquiring a membership
interest in the Company, or a lien over the Member's membership interest in the Company, shall
be null and void. The addition of any new members shall be governed by a separate, superseding
operating agreement, if any.

Section 2: Governance

Section 2.1: General Rule
The Member shall govern and control the Company at the Member's discretion. The Parties do
not intend for this Agreement to impose upon the Member governance formalities such as




                                               2
minutes, ledgers, and any other corporate governance structure. The Member need not record any
decisions made on the Company's behalf in any form.

Section 2.2: The Member's Powers and Responsibilities
The Member shall have the power and responsibility to perform the following tasks:

a. Execute, maintain, and preserve any instruments necessary to properly register the Company
   in any jurisdictions, and maintain the Company in good status in any such jurisdictions.

b. Create, maintain, and preserve the Company's accounting records, as to allow the Member to
   monitor and manage the Company's finances.

c. Open, alter, and close bank accounts, deposit accounts, and similar financial instruments on
   the Company's behalf.

d. Create, execute, and amend legal instruments necessary to effectuate transactions on the
   Company's behalf.

e. Set the Company's market strategy, including but not limited to making ultimate decisions on
   which geographical areas to serve, which products to offer, and which pricing strategies to
   adopt.

f. Supervise the Company's acquisition of products from vendors and suppliers in the United
   States.

g. Supervise the Company's sale and export of products to buyers in the Philippines.

h. Supervise the Company's shipment of sold products from the United States to addresses in
   the Philippines.

i. Hiring additional officers and managers to take over primary functions, such as vendor
   relations and logistics in the United States.

j. Handling all external relations for the Company, such as relations with the Member and its
   shareholders, government and licensing authorities, and major customers and creditors.

Section 2.3: Tax Matters
The Company's initial tax election is that of an association taxed as a disregarded entity. A
Representative may request a different tax election for the Company as the law allows. Any




                                               3
transaction which may cause the Company to lose its desired tax election at any given time is
null and void.

Section 3: Term

Section 3.1: Purpose and Duration
The Company's duration shall be perpetual. The Company may pursue any business purpose the
law allows.

Section 3.2: Dissolution
The Member may dissolve the Company at any time for any reason. Dissolution shall take effect
once a Representative has caused all of the Company's outstanding registrations with one or
more jurisdictions to be terminated, and once the Company has met any other requirements for
dissolution under applicable law.

Section 4: Miscellaneous

Section 4.1: Governing Law
This Agreement shall be governed, construed, and interpreted in accordance with the laws of the
State of Minnesota, regardless of conflicts of laws. This Agreement supersedes any default
provisions in Minnesota law to the extent applicable law allows.

Section 4.2: Jurisdiction and Venue
Any action to interpret or enforce this Agreement shall venue in the United States District Court
for the District of Minnesota. The Parties hereby irrevocably and unconditionally consent to that
court's personal and subject-matter jurisdiction, and irrevocably and unconditionally waive any
constitutional right to a jury trial.

Section 4.3: Injunctive and Equitable Relief
Each Party agrees that a breach of this Agreement would cause irreparable harm and significant
injury to the other Party. The Parties also agree that any such harm and injury would be difficult
to value or compensate in terms of monetary damages. Therefore, each Party agrees that the
other Party has the right to enforce this Agreement by injunction, specific performance, and other
equitable remedies without needing to show proof of actual harm.

Section 4.4: Severability
If any portion of this Agreement is deemed invalid or unenforceable for any reason, that portion
shall be severed – and the remainder of this Agreement shall remain in effect and in full force.




                                                4
Section 4.5: Counterparts
This Agreement may be executed in counterparts, with the sum of all counterparts constituting
the entire, original instrument.

Section 4.6: Entirety and Amendments
This Agreement contains the entire arrangement of the Parties concerning its subject matter. It
supersedes any prior or simultaneous oral or written arrangement between the parties on this
subject matter. This Agreement can only be amended or superseded through a written instrument
signed by both Parties.

                                       SIGNATURES

On behalf of the Member,                       On behalf of the Company,
Caren Retamar Braun                            Caren Retamar Braun

Caren Retamar Braun                            Caren Retamar Braun
Printed Name                                   Printed Name

_________________________________              _________________________________
Signature                                      Signature

December 7, 2025                               December 7, 2025
Date                                           Date




                                              5
