Office of the Minnesota Secretary of State
      Minnesota Limited Liability Company | Articles of Organization
                                                     Minnesota Statutes, Chapter 322C
Read the instructions before completing this form.
Filing Fee: $155 for expedited service in-person and online filings, $135 if by mail
Note: A professional organization governed under Chapter 319B must include an attachment with the following information: (This
information is only required if this is a professional organization.)
1. Statement that the Minnesota firm elects to operate and acknowledges that it is subject to Minnesota Statutes, Chapter 319B.01 to 319B.12.
2. List the professional service the organization is authorized to provide under Minnesota Statutes, Chapter 319B, subd 19.
Note: Information provided when filing a business entity is public data and may be viewable online. This includes but is not limited to all
individual names and addresses.
The undersigned organizer(s), in order to form a Limited Liability Company under Minnesota Statutes, Chapter 322C
adopt the following:
Article I – Name of Limited Liability Company (Required)
Caren Braun LLC
(The company name must include the words Limited Liability Company or the abbreviation LLC)

Article II - Registered Office Address and Agent (A Registered Office Address is Required)
917 E. 10th Street                                                                        Duluth                      MN      55805
Street Address (A PO Box by itself is not acceptable)                                       City                      State    Zip Code
Registered Agent at the above address is:         Caren Retamar Braun
Article III – Duration
The period of duration for this limited liability company shall be perpetual.
Article IV – Organizers (Required)
I, the undersigned, certify that I am signing this document as the person whose signature is required, or as agent of the
person(s) whose signature would be required who has authorized me to sign this document on his/her behalf, or in both
capacities. I further certify that I have completed all required fields, and that the information in this document is true and
correct and in compliance with the applicable chapter of Minnesota Statutes. I understand that by signing this document I am
subject to the penalties of perjury as set forth in Section 609.48 as if I had signed this document under oath.
Caren Retamar Braun                                   917 E. 10th Street Duluth                                MN 55805
Organizer’s Name                                      Street Address                       City               State    Zip
                                                                                                  12/07/2025
Signature                                                                                         Date


Organizer’s Name                                      Street Address                       City               State    Zip


Signature                                                                                         Date

Email Address for Official Notices
Enter an email address to which the Secretary of State can forward official notices required by law and other notices,
including this submission:    brauncaren14@gmail.com
    Check here to have your email address excluded from requests for bulk data, to the extent allowed by Minnesota law.
List a name and daytime phone number of a person who can be contacted about this form:
Caren Braun                                               608-209-2844
Entities that own, lease, or have any financial interest in agricultural land or land capable of being farmed must
register with the MN Dept. of Agriculture’s Corporate Farm Program.
   Office of the Minnesota Secretary of State
        Minnesota Limited Liability Company | Articles of Organization
                                      Minnesota Statutes, Chapter 322C


Minnesota Business Snapshot
To better serve Minnesotans, the Office of the Minnesota Secretary of State has created the “Minnesota Business Snapshot,” a short and
simple survey produced with the input of business owners, business organizations, non-profits, and researchers from across the state.
These five questions will take less than three minutes to complete, and you may answer any or all of them. There is no penalty if you
choose not to provide this information. However, the answers you do provide will create a useful pool of information for potential
customers. We do not independently verify the answers applicants provide. Again, this survey is voluntary, and the answers are
considered public data. Thank you.

1. (Select up to one) - How many Minnesota – based full time employees (or FTE equivalents) does this entity currently have?
           0-5
           6-50
           51-200
           201-500
           Over 500
2. (Select all that apply) - Does the owner or a member of the ownership group of this entity self-identify as a member of any of the
   following communities?
           Woman
           Member of a community of color
           Veteran
           Member of a disability community
           Member of an immigrant community
3. (Select up to one) - Using NAICS codes below, please select the code that best describes this entity. If you believe this entity falls
   into more than one category, please select the category that generates the majority of the entity’s revenue.
           Agriculture, Forestry, Fishing and Hunting (Code 11)
           Mining (Code 21)
           Utilities (Code 22)
           Construction (Code 23)
           Manufacturing (Codes 31-33)
           Wholesale Trade (Code 42)
           Retail Trade (Codes 44-45)
           Transportation and Warehousing (Codes 48-49)
           Information (Code 51)
           Finance and Insurance (Code 52)
           Real Estate Rental and Leasing (Code 53)
           Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services (Code 54)
           Management of Companies and Enterprises (Code 55)
           Administrative and Support and Waste Management and Remediation Services (Code 56)
           Educational Services (Code 61)
           Health Care and Social Assistance (Code 62)
           Arts, Entertainment, and Recreation (Code 71)
           Accommodation and Food Services (Code 72)
           Other Services (except Public Administration) (Code 81)
           Public Administration (Code 92)
4. (Select up to one) Is this entity a full time or part time endeavor for those primarily responsible for operating this entity?
            Full time
            Part time
5. (Select up to one) - If applicable, what were this entity's gross revenues for the past year?
           $0 - $10,000
           $10,001 - $50,000
           $50,001 - $250,000
           $250,001 - $1M
           Over $1M                                                                                        Print                    Reset
