                             e-Notification of Application/Petition Acceptance
                                             Department of Homeland Security                                              USCIS
                                           U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services                                   Form G-1145
                                                                                                                     OMB No. 1615-0109
                                                                                                                      Expires 09/30/2016


What Is the Purpose of This Form?
Use this form to request an electronic notification (e-Notification) when U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services accepts your
immigration application. This service is available for applications filed at a USCIS Lockbox facility.

General Information
Complete the information below and clip this form to the first page of your application package. You will receive one e-mail and/or
text message for each form you are filing.
We will send the e-Notification within 24 hours after we accept your application. Domestic customers will receive an e-mail and/or
text message; overseas customers will only receive an e-mail. Undeliverable e-Notifications cannot be resent.
The e-mail or text message will display your receipt number and tell you how to get updated case status information. It will not
include any personal information. The e-Notification does not grant any type of status or benefit; rather it is provided as a convenience
to customers.
USCIS will also mail you a receipt notice (I-797C), which you will receive within 10 days after your application has been accepted;
use this notice as proof of your pending application or petition.

USCIS Privacy Act Statement
AUTHORITIES: The information requested on this form is collected pursuant to section 103(a) of the Immigration and Nationality
Act, as amended INA section 101, et seq.
PURPOSE: The primary purpose for providing the information on this form is to request an electronic notification when USCIS
accepts immigration form. The information you provide will be used to send you a text and/or email message.
DISCLOSURE: The information you provide is voluntary. However, failure to provide the requested information may prevent
USCIS from providing you a text and/or email message receipting your immigration form.

ROUTINE USES: The information provide on this form will be used by and disclosed to DHS personnel and contractors in
accordance with approved routine uses, as described in the associated published system of records notices [DHS-USCIS-007 -
Benefits Information System and DHS-USCIS-001 - Alien File (A-File) and Central Index System (CIS), which can be found at
www.dhs.gov/privacy]. The information may also be made available, as appropriate for law enforcement purposes or in the interest
of national security.


Paperwork Reduction Act
An agency may not conduct or sponsor an information collection and a person is not required to respond to a collection of information
unless it displays a currently valid OMB control number. The public reporting burden for this collection of information is estimated at
3 minutes per response, including the time for reviewing instructions and completing and submitting the form. Send comments
regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect of this collection of information, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:
U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services, Regulatory Coordination Division, Office of Policy and Strategy, 20 Massachusetts
Avenue, NW, Washington, DC 20529-2140. OMB No. 1615-0109. Do not mail your completed Form G-1145 to this address.

                       Complete this form and clip it on top of the first page of your immigration form(s).
Applicant/Petitioner Full Last Name           Applicant/Petitioner Full First Name           Applicant/Petitioner Full Middle Name
Jacobs                                        Brent                                          Steven
E-mail Address                                                                Mobile Phone Number (Text Message)
Jacobs.Brent34@Gmail.com                                                      +1 (920) 946-5834




Form G-1145 09/15/14 Y                                                                                                         Page 1 of 1
