Office of the Minnesota Secretary of State
      Minnesota Limited Liability Company | Articles of Organization
                                                     Minnesota Statutes, Chapter
Read the instructions before completing this form.
Filing Fee: $155 for expedited service in-person and online filings, $135 if by mail
Note: A professional organization governed under Chapter 319B must include an attachment with the following information: (This
information is only required if this is a professional organization.)
1. Statement that the Minnesota firm elects to operate and acknowledges that it is subject to Minnesota Statutes, Chapter 319B.01 to 319B.12.
2. List the professional service the organization is authorized to provide under Minnesota Statutes, Chapter 319B, subd 19.
                                                                                                  .
                               .
The undersigned organizer(s), in order to form a Limited Liability Company under Minnesota Statutes, Chapter 322C
adopt the following:
Article I – Name of Limited Liability Company (Required)
Creative Coconuts LLC
(The company name must include the words Limited Liability Company or the abbreviation LLC)

Article II - Registered Office Address and Agent (A Registered Office Address is Required)
917 E. 10th Street                                                                      Duluth                      MN      55805
Street Address (A PO Box by itself is not acceptable)                                     City                      State   Zip Code
Registered Agent at the above address is:        Kyle Malone
Article III – Duration
The period of duration for this limited liability company shall be perpetual.
Article IV – Organizers (Required)
I, the undersigned, certify that I am signing this document as the person whose signature is required, or as agent of the
person(s) whose signature would be required who has authorized me to sign this document on his/her behalf, or in both
capacities. I further certify that I have completed all required fields, and that the information in this document is true and
correct and in compliance with the applicable chapter of Minnesota Statutes. I understand that by signing this document I am
subject to the penalties of perjury as set forth in Section 609.48 as if I had signed this document under oath.
Kyle Malone                                          917 E. 10th Street                  Duluth              MN      55805
Organizer’s Name                                     Street Address                     City                State    Zip
                                                                                               01/16/2025
Signature                                                                                      Date

 Luwilyn Malone                                      917 E. 10th Street                  Duluth             MN       55805
Organizer’s Name                                     Street Address                     City                State    Zip
                                                                                               01/16/2025
Signature                                                                                      Date

Email Address for Official Notices
Enter an email address to which the Secretary of State can forward official notices required by law and other notices,
including this submission:     engineer.kyle@icloud.com
    Check here to have your email address excluded from requests for bulk data, to the extent allowed by Minnesota law.
List a name and daytime phone number of a person who can be contacted about this form:
Kyle Malone                                              608-209-2844
Entities that own, lease, or have any financial interest in agricultural land or land capable of being farmed must
register with the MN Dept. of Agriculture’s Corporate Farm Program.
   Office of the Minnesota Secretary of State
        Minnesota Limited Liability Company | Articles of Organization
                                      Minnesota Statutes, Chapter 322C


Minnesota Business Snapshot
To better serve Minnesotans, the Secretary of State’s Office has created the “Minnesota Business Snapshot,” a short and simple survey
produced with the input of business owners, business organizations, non-profits, and researchers from across the state. These five
questions will take less than three minutes to complete, and you may answer any or all of them. There is no penalty if you choose not to
provide this information. However, the answers you do provide will create a useful pool of information for potential customers and
inform the analysis of our quarterly "Minnesota Economic and Business Condition Reports”. We do not independently verify the answers
applicants provide. Again, this survey is voluntary and the answers are considered public data. Thank you.

1. (Select up to one) - How many Minnesota – based full time employees (or FTE equivalents) does this entity currently have?
        ✔ 0-
            - 0
            1-200
           201- 00
           Over 00
2. (Select all that apply) - Does the owner or a member of the ownership group of this entity self-identify as a member of any of the
   following communities?
             oman
           Member of a community of color
            eteran
           Member of a disability community
           Member of an immigrant community
3. (Select up to one) - Using NAICS codes below, please select the code that best describes this entity. If you believe this entity falls
   into more than one category, please select the category that generates the majority of the entity’s revenue.
         Agriculture, Forestry, Fishing and unting (Code 11)
         Mining (Code 21)
           tilities (Code 22)
         Construction (Code 23)
         Manufacturing (Codes 31-33)
            holesale Trade (Code 2)
         Retail Trade (Codes - )
         Transportation and arehousing (Codes - 9)
         Information (Code 1)
         Finance and Insurance (Code 2)
         Real state Rental and Leasing (Code 3)
         Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services (Code )
         Management of Companies and nterprises (Code )
         Administrative and Support and aste Management and Remediation Services (Code                   )
           ducational Services (Code 1)
           ealth Care and Social Assistance (Code 2)
         Arts, ntertainment, and Recreation (Code 71)
         Accommodation and Food Services (Code 2)
       ✔ Other Services (e cept Public Administration) (Code 1)
         Public Administration (Code 92)
 . (Select up to one) Is this entity a full time or part time endeavor for those primarily responsible for operating this entity?
            Full time
        ✔ Part time
 . (Select up to one) - If applicable, what were this entity's gross revenues for the past year
       ✔    0 - 10,000
            10,001 - 0,000
             0,001 - 2 0,000
            2 0,001 - 1M
           Over 1M                                                                                           Print                  Reset
