From: Marcel Oliveira <marcel@trysymple.com>
To: Kyle Malone <engineer.kyle@icloud.com>
Date: Sun, 11 Feb 2024 16:13:51 -0800
Subject: Re: Catching Up
Message-ID: <CAMOiGMjzYrnzyWCLvxYU+=zosC8vfoQ_dcEEkBFWyFQd_hKX1A@mail.gmail.com>


   Kyle:

This makes sense. So, the answer to your questions are as follows.

On undergraduate vs. graduate.

The short answer is: that is up to the school. There are definitely schools out there that will let you do a new undergraduate program despite having an undergraduate degree from overseas. She just needs to pick the school of her choice and inquire with them. I think it should be fine. If not, there is still the graduate program. 

Either undergrad or grad school will give her the same visa options. She will get an F visa, which will give her the same work permissions/restrictions—and the same path toward a work visa or green card after. 

On dependents.

Her son would get a dependent visa to come with her. It requires a separate visa application at the consulate, but obviously not a separate interview. The kid gets approved when she gets approved. 

On the process.

Her next steps should go like this:

1. Pick a school/program. She should look into Duluth, like you said, and check out their website for (a) programs and (b) costs. If she picks an undergrad program, she can probably call and easily find out if they will let her do that despite having the degree overseas. 

1. Figure out finances. The main “cost” of a student visa is showing you have the money to pay for one year of school. Meaning tuition minus any breaks like scholarship. You do not need to spend the money before getting the visa—but you do need to show it is available in bank account under your name. So Caren needs to (a)figure out the cost of the program of choice and (b) move the money to a bank account accordingly. 

1. Apply to the school. Once she has picked a program and made sure she can afford it (meaning, showing the money deposited into a bank account), she can apply with the school. The application is similar to any other student’s application; there will be one or two more forms/steps the school will provide for an international student. 

1. Get visa paperwork. Once the school accepts her, she will get a form called the I-20. (It could also be a DS-2019, if the school issues her a J visa instead). That is the official paperwork of the school “sponsoring” her for a student visa. 

1. Apply at the consulate. Once she has her I-20, she can apply for the student visa like she would for a tourist visa: she files a DS-160 at the consulate (and one for her son as well). 

On the costs. 

The costs of applying for a student visa are really (a) the costs of applying to the school plus (b) having to set aside that tuition money in a bank account (which is not really a cost, but still involves having the money). The fees to apply at the consulate are relatively reasonable at $160 per person. 


Let me know if this answers your questions. 



Marcel S. Oliveira, J.D.
Chief Executive Officer

31 Hudson Yards | Floor 11 | New York | NY | 10001
t. +1 (212) 464-7255
 
* This email may contain privileged or confidential information. This includes client information which privacy laws protect. Reviewing, disseminating, distributing, or copying any of this information is prohibited. If you are not the intended recipient of this message, please contact the sender and destroy the message. Symple is not a law firm. This email does not contain, or should not be relied upon as, legal or tax advice. 




   
On Feb 10, 2024 at 20:13:50, Kyle Malone <engineer.kyle@icloud.com> wrote:

   

       
Well her education is all in the Philippines. So she might need to do some sort of refresher courses… only she will know. But she has her bachelor’s degree already. So, yes, you understand. Her so. Will be coming too. He is 3 years old?… so he goes where she goes. No spouse. Dad was a deadbeat anyways.
 
Could Caren do another bachelor degree? If she needed? I know people who came here and did school for years while petitioning family worked the green card. Is that doable? Or must she leave after school? We are thinking University of Minnesota Duluth. It’s walking distance and lots of work around too….
I hope I answered your question…
Kyle Malone
608-209-2844

Sent from my iPhone

On Feb 10, 2024, at 4:08 PM, Marcel Oliveira <marcel@trysymple.com> wrote:

﻿

   Kyle:

Good to hear from you. I hope the family is doing well. 

If I understand correctly, Caren wants to get a visa to come to the United States for a master’s program? If so, the first step would be for her to pick a school—so that we can make sure the school can sponsor a student visa. Most can, but some cannot. The visa would most like be an F-1. Spouses and children are eligible for F-2 dependent visas as well. The visas could also be J’s or M’s, but most likely F’s. 

Let me know if that I have that down correctly. And I can give you the step-by-step next. 


Marcel S. Oliveira, J.D.
Chief Executive Officer

31 Hudson Yards | Floor 11 | New York | NY | 10001
t. +1 (212) 464-7255
 
* This email may contain privileged or confidential information. This includes client information which privacy laws protect. Reviewing, disseminating, distributing, or copying any of this information is prohibited. If you are not the intended recipient of this message, please contact the sender and destroy the message. Symple is not a law firm. This email does not contain, or should not be relied upon as, legal or tax advice. 






   
On Feb 10, 2024 at 16:35:40, Kyle Malone <engineer.kyle@icloud.com
wrote:

   

       
Hello Marcel,
I hope you’re having a great New Year. I wanted to catch up and maybe get started on a filing…

We will be working on Dak’s documents eventually. He has had a problem with some of his documents for a while. He’s still working out those details.

In the meantime, Caren and her son Azi both have their documents and Passports. But, Carens intent is to work which means working on a Masters Degree and working when she can. Ali is very young, I’m not sure how this should work?…but he does already have a passport and has traveled with mom to a few countries already. Her thought is, since green cards are a longer wait now, she’ll just stay in school and work as she can until green cards are obtainable. Her degree is in technology (IT), but I’m unclear of her plan. 

If you can guide me to the correct website location, I’ll review it and have Caren review as well. Luwilyn was asking cost or payment plan information too. This time we are about 90% positive she is moving forward. Covid lockdowns in Asia opened her eyes a lot….

Once I understand what she needs to do, I’ll have her get started.
Thanks in advance for the guidance. 


Kyle Malone | c 608-209-2844
>From MacOS



On Oct 13, 2023, at 12:42 PM, Marcel Oliveira <marcel@trysymple.com
wrote:

Good afternoon Kyle:

Happy Friday. I hope this email finds you and the family well. And I hope that the weather in MN is still hovering above freezing—you know how it goes in October in the midwest. 

I found a note in my notebook to follow up with you on Dac’s potential visa, from our conversation from a while ago. I figured you were no longer pursuing it, but there is always a chance that I missed something—so this is me checking in just in case. Let me know. 


Marcel S. Oliveira, J.D.
Chief Executive Officer

31 Hudson Yards | Floor 11 | New York | NY | 10001
t. +1 (212) 464-7255
 
* This email may contain privileged or confidential information. This includes client information which privacy laws protect. Reviewing, disseminating, distributing, or copying any of this information is prohibited. If you are not the intended recipient of this message, please contact the sender and destroy the message. Symple is not a law firm. This email does not contain, or should not be relied upon as, legal or tax advice. 



   



   

