From: Marcel Oliveira <Marcel.Oliveira@oliveiralawgroup.com>
To: Brent Jacobs <jacobs.brent34@gmail.com>
CC: Lauren Garth <laurenraegarth@gmail.com>
Date: Wed, 16 Dec 2015 20:45:10 +0000
Subject: RE: AoS Update
Message-ID: <CY1PR01MB13763FBEB1B97BED83FD9A058AEF0@CY1PR01MB1376.prod.exchangelabs.com>

Brent:

I know it has been a while but, in light of my experience with other cases, the delay is applied across the board. To my knowledge, all applications are experiencing a delay at the moment. Just the federal government being the federal government. I would say there is no reason to worry about your specific case right now. 

Unfortunately, while the delay may be anxiety-building, there is not much that can be done to inquire about status. USCIS is worthless when it comes to providing updates. If you call, email or write, the most they do is to refer you to the online system – which they barely update. 

Sorry I cannot be of more help. That said, again, I would not interpret this as being a bad sign for Lauren’s petition. 

Are you two still interested in discussing an application for employment authorization? 

Sincerely, 

Marcel S. Oliveira, Esq.

Owner and Principal Attorney

22 East Mifflin Street, Suite 302

Madison, WI 53703

Phone: (608) 446-2000

Fax: (608) 257-5551

OliveiraLawGroup.com

*This is a transmission from the Oliveira Law Group law firm, and may contain information which is privileged, confidential, and protected by the attorney/client or attorney work product privileges. If you are not the addressee, note that any disclosure, copying, distribution, or use of the contents of this message is prohibited. If you have received this transmission in error, please destroy it and notify us immediately by calling (608) 257-3621.*

*Internal Revenue Service regulations require the Oliveira Law Group to make clear that any federal tax advice this message may contain is not intended and cannot be used for (1) avoidance of federal tax penalties or (2) promotion, marketing or recommendation to any other party of any transaction this message may address.*

From: Brent Jacobs [mailto:jacobs.brent34@gmail.com] 
Sent: Wednesday, December 16, 2015 2:45 PM
To: Marcel Oliveira <Marcel.Oliveira@reynoldsoliveira.com>
Subject: AoS Update

Hello Marcel,

Just wanted to contact you and update you on our Adjustment of Status process. As of now, we still have not heard ANYTHING from USCIS regarding an interview date and time for Lauren and I. We are growing very anxious and a little concerned as to when we might hear from them. What was the date we filed, August 4-7? 

In your experience, how long do we have the potential to wait for contact? I know we've asked you this a million times since filing but it seems like forever since we filed. 

Again, I apologize if I seem overly anxious and paranoid but we are just getting a little restless with waiting and not hearing anything from the other side. 

Best regards,

Brent

