From: Marcel Oliveira <marcel@trysymple.com>
To: "izaguirr@gmail.com" <izaguirr@gmail.com>
Date: Wed, 25 Aug 2021 12:59:16 +0000
Subject: Re: Citizenship
Message-ID: <MW3PR22MB213858DF27518FD31D43EFBAC0C69@MW3PR22MB2138.namprd22.prod.outlook.com>

Morning Jesus:

Nice seeing you yesterday. Nomad and all.

I am ready to get started on that naturalization paperwork. I just sent you an invoice from Quickbooks to get the ball rolling. NOTE: The invoice is for both my fee AND the government’s filing fee (which is $725). If you want to leave out the government’s filing fee until the paperwork is ready to file, you can.

Once the invoice comes through, I have an automation that should issue you a questionnaire from Airtable within a couple of hours. I will check within a day or so to make sure it went out. I already have a decent chunk of information from your prior file; so that will make your work a lot shorter than prior petitions.

Thanks in advance. Looking forward to getting this done for you.

Sincerely,


Marcel S. Oliveira, J.D.
President and CEO
SYMPLE

From: Marcel Oliveira <marcel@trysymple.com>
Date: Monday, August 16, 2021 at 6:19 PM
To: izaguirr@gmail.com <izaguirr@gmail.com>
Subject: Citizenship
Good afternoon Jesus:

Now that the contract from last week is out of the way, I thought I would check in on the citizenship.

Considering the extra bit of materials we will need, it will take me about a week to prepare your packet, if I budget in whatever other client urgencies may come up.

Would you like to get started on that this week? You could finish your tax returns in parallel. I am just worried about timing: I cannot guarantee that the citizenship will be ready before you have to renew your green card, but I would hate to miss that cutoff by a couple of weeks come next year. But naturally, we do this at your pace—so just let me know if and when you are ready.

Sincerely,


Marcel S. Oliveira, J.D.
President and CEO
SYMPLE
