From: Ylenia Ossola <yle.ossola@gmail.com>
To: Brooke Sutton <brooke@trysymple.com>
Date: Tue, 2 Mar 2021 15:42:40 -0600
Subject: Re: Green Card Petition: Information Needed
Message-ID: <CALtMHw6rj7i4bfSPj6X+VvMPfiGSQHXY14yF5gsv8jG8ktgZzQ@mail.gmail.com>

 Hi Brooke, 



Thank you for reaching out, more than happy to help. To answer your questions: 


Your husbands email address & phone number - 708.495.1664 and cjacks896@gmail.com
Proof of the lease in your previous residence if both of your names appear on the documents - when we were living on 1727 S Indiana he moved in after I signed the lease so my name was the only one on the agreement, When we purchased the house in April 2020, we had to rush the process due to COVID so we did not add his name to the application I had going. Should I try to ask my lender if I can add him to the mortgage?  
Affidavit information (the four people you provided as witnesses):
Who they are: Ghareer Laws and Kara Fasone are friends and I have known them since before I met my husband (through The Chicago School of Professional Psychology where we all graduated from). Carly Lapin and Katherine Saltzman are friends and I met them through my last place of employment (after my marriage). Please let me know if I need to add a third person who knew us prior to the marriage and I can do so. 
How they know you and your spouse as a couple - Ghadeer Laws and Kara Fasone knew me before I met my husband and met him through me once we started dating. Carly Lapin and Katherine Saltzman were my coworkers and we became friends. They met my husband when we were already married.  
Specific examples of things you have done with them (trips, concerts, dinners, etc.) - with Ghadeer Laws (concerts, trip to Ohio with Maggie Reitz, wedding - she was my maid of honor during the reception we had with family and friends -, dinners, school, bridal shower, bachelorette party, thanksgiving with her family. With Kara Fasone: trip to Italy to visit my family, dinners, school, wedding party (she was a bridesmaid), bridal shower, breakfast, lunch, workouts, mentorship, she was also my cosponsor when we filed for the initial green card application. As far as Katherine and Carly, I have worked, had dinner, lunch, breakfast, with them however they didn't have the chance to do much with my husband since I met them in 2019, should I pick someone else who had more "contact" with the both of us? 
Please let me know if you have any questions, 
Thanks, 
Ylenia

Il giorno mar 2 mar 2021 alle ore 15:07 Brooke Sutton <brooke@trysymple.com> ha scritto:
Good afternoon Ylenia:

 

My name is Brooke Sutton, I am Marcel’s assistant. He has requested I contact you in regards to your Green Card Petition.

 

After reviewing your supporting documents, there are a few additional pieces of information I need to complete your forms.

 
Your husbands email address & phone number 
Proof of the lease in your previous residence if both of your names appear on the documents
Affidavit information (the four people you provided as witnesses): 
Who they are
How they know you and your spouse as a couple
Specific examples of things you have done with them (trips, concerts, dinners, etc.)
 

 

Feel free to contact me with any questions you may have, my email and phone number are provided below.

 

 

 

Sincerely,

 

 

Brooke Sutton

Executive Assistant to the CEO

SYMPLE

(212)-464-8205

brooke@trysymple.com

