From: Kyle Malone <engineer.kyle@icloud.com>
To: Marcel Oliveira <marcel@trysymple.com>
CC: luwilyn25@icloud.com
Date: Sun, 22 Dec 2024 21:45:03 -0600
Subject: Re: Catching Up
Message-ID: <C5D6DFF1-9404-4F18-88D2-1B35DB386E71@icloud.com>

Hi Marcel,Thanks for reaching out and following up. Yes, Caren and Azi need to come here to Duluth, MN. With the COVID scare followed by illegals flooding the borders, we were waiting for immigration to clear a path once again for legal immigrants. We believe the dust may have settled enough to move forward again. 
Our biggest question would be what is the quickest way to get Caren and Azi here? And even if she can’t work until she has a green card, maybe she can stay longer under some other visa, tourist or other? But our intent would be green card and citizenship eventually. 
Dac might follow as well. We just need to focus on Caren and son first. If you would be kind enough to send us a link for your instructions for uploading documents, along with payment or money expectations for each step, we would greatly appreciate the information. Caren will get started on uploads immediately.
Again, thanks for reaching out. We hope you have a Happy Holiday, and look forward to your response. Please copy both of us so we all always know the next expectations.

Kyle Malone | 218-337-1195 Sent from my iPad

On Nov 25, 2024, at 12:48 PM, Marcel Oliveira <marcel@trysymple.com> wrote:

﻿
    Good afternoon Kyle:

Long time, no chat. Hope you and the whole house are doing well. 

I found a long-lost note-to-self to follow up with you on the email thread below. You were looking to bring some more of the gang (Caren and Azi I believe) into the States. And Dan as well, if he got his documents together. 

Is that something you are still interested in pursuing? 

Marcel Oliveira








    On Feb 10, 2024 at 16:35:40, Kyle Malone <engineer.kyle@icloud.com> wrote:

    
        
Hello Marcel,I hope you’re having a great New Year. I wanted to catch up and maybe get started on a filing…

We will be working on Dak’s documents eventually. He has had a problem with some of his documents for a while. He’s still working out those details.

In the meantime, Caren and her son Azi both have their documents and Passports. But, Carens intent is to work which means working on a Masters Degree and working when she can. Ali is very young, I’m not sure how this should work?…but he does already have a passport and has traveled with mom to a few countries already. Her thought is, since green cards are a longer wait now, she’ll just stay in school and work as she can until green cards are obtainable. Her degree is in technology (IT), but I’m unclear of her plan. 

If you can guide me to the correct website location, I’ll review it and have Caren review as well. Luwilyn was asking cost or payment plan information too. This time we are about 90% positive she is moving forward. Covid lockdowns in Asia opened her eyes a lot….

Once I understand what she needs to do, I’ll have her get started.
Thanks in advance for the guidance. 

Kyle Malone | c 608-209-2844
From MacOS








On Oct 13, 2023, at 12:42 PM, Marcel Oliveira <marcel@trysymple.com> wrote:
Good afternoon Kyle:
Happy Friday. I hope this email finds you and the family well. And I hope that the weather in MN is still hovering above freezing—you know how it goes in October in the midwest. 

I found a note in my notebook to follow up with you on Dac’s potential visa, from our conversation from a while ago. I figured you were no longer pursuing it, but there is always a chance that I missed something—so this is me checking in just in case. Let me know. 

Marcel S. Oliveira, J.D.
Chief Executive Officer




31 Hudson Yards | Floor 11 | New York | NY | 10001
t. +1 (212) 464-7255
 
* This email may contain privileged or confidential information. This includes client information which privacy laws protect. Reviewing, disseminating, distributing, or copying any of this information is prohibited. If you are not the intended recipient of this message, please contact the sender and destroy the message. Symple is not a law firm. This email does not contain, or should not be relied upon as, legal or tax advice. 














    






