                                                                                 National Records Center
                                                                                 P.O. Box 648010
                                                                                 Lee's Summit, MO 64064-8010




August 27, 2018                                                                  NRC2018045996

Lindsay Anne Curcio
Attorney at Law
8225 Fifth Ave., Suite 418
Brooklyn, NY 11209



Dear Lindsay Anne Curcio:

This is in response to your Freedom of Information Act/Privacy Act (FOIA/PA) request received in this
office March 29, 2018 regarding Jesus Antonio Izaguirre Paz.

We have completed the review of all documents and have identified 318 pages that are responsive to your
request. Enclosed are 269 pages released in their entirety, and 33 pages released in part. We are
withholding 6 pages in full. In our review of these pages, we have determined that they contain no
reasonably segregable portion(s) of non-exempt information. We have reviewed and have determined to
release all information except those portions that are exempt pursuant to 5 U.S.C. § 552a (j)(2) and (k)(2)
of the PA and 5 U.S.C. § 552 (b)(3), (b)(7)(C) and (b)(7)(E) of the FOIA.

During our review, USCIS located 10 pages of potentially responsive documents that may have originated
from U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE). USCIS has sent the document(s) and a copy of
your FOIA request to the ICE FOIA Office for consideration and direct response to you. Should you wish
to contact ICE concerning the status of the processing of the document(s), please contact the ICE FOIA
Office via phone at (866) 633-1182 or via e-mail at ICE-FOIA@dhs.gov. The ICE FOIA Office mailing
address is 500 12th Street, S.W., MS 5009, Washington, D.C. 20536-5009.

Exemption (b)(3) provides protection for information specifically exempted from disclosure by statute,
provided that such statute establishes particular criteria for withholding or refers to particular types of
matter to be withheld. The statute which allows us to withhold this information pursuant to (b)(3) is 8
U.S.C. 1202(f) of the Immigration and Nationality Act.

Exemption (j)(2) permits the government to withhold information in files which originated from an
agency primarily concerned with the enforcement of criminal laws, including police efforts to prevent,
control, or reduce crime or to apprehend criminals, and the activities of prosecutors, courts, correctional,
probation, pardon, or parole authorities. The types of documents and/or information withheld in
conjunction with (b)(7) could consist of information compiled for the purpose of identifying individual
criminal offenders and alleged offenders and consisting only of identifying data and notations of arrests,
the nature and disposition of criminal charges, sentencing, confinement, release, and parole and probation
status; information compiled for the purpose of a criminal investigation, including reports of informants
and investigators, and associated with an identifiable individual; or reports identifiable to an individual
compiled at any stage of the process of enforcement of the criminal laws from arrest or indictment
through release from supervision.




                                                                                 www.uscis.gov
NRC2018045996
Page 2

Exemption (k)(2) of the PA provides protection to investigatory material compiled for law enforcement
purposes. The types of documents and/or information we have withheld in conjunction with (b)(7)(C) of
the FOIA could consist of names, addresses, identification numbers, telephone numbers, fax numbers, or
various other documents relating to third party individuals that are considered personal.

Exemption (b)(7)(C) of the FOIA provides protection for personal information in law enforcement
records, which could reasonably be expected to constitute an unwarranted invasion of personal privacy.
We have withheld information relating to third-party individuals. The types of documents and/or
information we have withheld could consist of names, addresses, identification numbers, telephone
numbers, fax numbers, or various other documents that are considered personal.

Exemption (k)(2) of the PA provides protection to investigatory material compiled for law enforcement
purposes. The types of documents and/or information we have withheld in conjunction with (b)(7)(E) of
the FOIA could consist of law enforcement systems checks, manuals, checkpoint locations, surveillance
techniques and various other documents.

Exemption (b)(7)(E) of the FOIA provides protection for records or information for law enforcement
purposes which would disclose techniques and procedures for law enforcement investigations or
prosecutions, or would disclose guidelines for law enforcement investigations or prosecutions if such
disclosure could reasonably be expected to risk circumvention of the law. The types of documents and/or
information we have withheld could consist of law enforcement systems checks, manuals, checkpoint
locations, surveillance techniques, and various other documents.

There may be documents that contain discretionary releases of exempt information. We will identify
discretionary releases within the responsive record. These discretionary releases do not waive our ability
to invoke applicable FOIA exemptions for similar or related information in the future.

The enclosed record consists of the best reproducible copies available. Certain pages may contain marks
that appear to be blacked-out information. Such black marks would have been present prior to our receipt
of the file and are not information we have withheld under the provisions of the FOIA or PA.

You have the right to file an administrative appeal within 90 days of the date of this letter. By filing an
appeal, you preserve your rights under FOIA and give the agency a chance to review and reconsider your
request and the agency’s decision. You may file an administrative FOIA appeal to USCIS at: USCIS
FOIA/PA Appeals Office, 150 Space Center Loop, Suite 500, Lee's Summit, MO 64064-2139. Both the
letter and the envelope should be clearly marked “Freedom of Information Act Appeal.”

If you would like to discuss our response before filing an appeal to attempt to resolve your dispute
without going through the appeals process, you may contact our FOIA Public Liaison, Jill Eggleston, for
assistance at:

U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services
National Records Center, FOIA/PA Office
P. O. Box 648010
Lee’s Summit, MO 64064-8010

Telephone: 1-800-375-5283
E-Mail: FOIAPAQuestions@uscis.dhs.gov
NRC2018045996
Page 3

If you are unable to resolve your FOIA dispute through our FOIA Public Liaison, the Office of
Government Information Services (OGIS), the Federal FOIA Ombudsman’s office, offers mediation
services to help resolve disputes between FOIA requesters and Federal Agencies. The OGIS does not
have the authority to handle requests made under the Privacy Act of 1974. The contact information for
OGIS is:

Office of Government Information Services
National Archives and Records Administration
8601 Adelphi Road – OGIS
College Park, MD 20740-6001

Telephone: 202-741-5770
877-684-6448
Email: OGIS@NARA.GOV
Website: OGIS.ARCHIVES.GOV

The National Records Center does not process petitions, applications or any other type of benefit under
the Immigration and Nationality Act. If you have questions or wish to submit documentation relating to a
matter pending with the bureau, you must address these issues with your nearest District Office.

All FOIA/PA related requests, including address changes, must be submitted in writing and be signed by
the requester. Please include the control number listed above on all correspondence with this office.
Requests may be mailed to the FOIA/PA Officer at the PO Box listed at the top of the letterhead, emailed
to USCIS.FOIA@uscis.dhs.gov, or sent by fax to (816) 350-5785. You may also submit FOIA/PA
related questions to our email address at FOIAPAQuestions@uscis.dhs.gov.


Sincerely,




Jill A. Eggleston
Director, FOIA Operations

Enclosure(s)
