From: Kyle Malone <engineer.kyle@icloud.com>
To: Marcel Oliveira <marcel@trysymple.com>
Date: Thu, 9 Jan 2025 21:03:25 -0600
Subject: Re: Question...
Message-ID: <E1539970-7C11-4951-B39B-A7B6C81FFA5F@icloud.com>

Hey Marcel,Great idea. Luwilyn likes it too. Let’s plan on separate LLC’s and we can supply or buy services based on your guidance. Send me a link to pay you, and let’s move forward on Luwilyn and Kyle Malone’s LLC. Creative Coconuts. I might regret that eventually, but we kinda like it for general services. I don’t own the name yet either…I remembered before every time Ted looked up a name somebody bought the rights by the next day. Hopefully all of that is covered you dear the LLC creation.
Send me a link to get you paid, and I’ll tackle that tomorrow…
Thanks again Marcel. Reach out with any more information you might need from us….
Regards,
KyleSent from my iPad

On Jan 9, 2025, at 8:48 PM, Marcel Oliveira <marcel@trysymple.com> wrote:

﻿Kyle:

Sounds good. This LLC of yours would definitely be a great piece of evidence for me to include in Caren's petition. Essentially, your LLC would be either a vendor or a customer's of hers: I would create a contract between the two companies for whatever service is desired--or even an open ended master services agreement--and that would count towards her visa. So let me know what you decide. 


Marcel Oliveira





On Thu, Jan 9, 2025 at 8:57 PM Kyle Malone <engineer.kyle@icloud.com> wrote:
I’m out of the country March 3rd thru July 1st…if you think we should be separate, no problem. My thought was working for her company or being a partner might strengthen the look of the company if I earn. We just need a way to earn without the government grabbing it all. Lu retires after this year. And they will restrict her ability to earn too for 5 more years. The goal is to save anything over 22k restrictions. If it strengthens Caren’s case or abilities that’s a plus. The company name we wanted is Creative Coconuts. And the idea was at some point we all earn under that flag…so, we’ll discuss further and I’ll let ya know if we want to proceed separate or just wait for Caren to get her LLC.Thanks Marcel,KyleSent from my iPad

On Jan 9, 2025, at 7:23 PM, Marcel Oliveira <marcel@trysymple.com> wrote:

﻿Kyle:

Yes, you would be able to work for Caren's LLC. But only after she gets here. Before she enters the country, I would not recommend it, or I may muddle up her application.

The filing fee for a Minnesota LLC is $155. It would probably take me about half an hour to set it up, but I can do it for another $150 instead of another $250--otherwise it just gets silly. That would include the EIN and the S election; the IRS does not charge filing fees to file those.  


Marcel Oliveira





On Thu, Jan 9, 2025 at 7:36 PM Kyle Malone <engineer.kyle@icloud.com> wrote:
Could I work for Caren’s LLC? I only have earning restrictions for this year. Next year is my full retirement year. Supposedly I can earn limitless income then. This year, I have a  22k restriction. So, the idea is earn for the LLC and pay or dividend only 22k so I’m safe. My understanding is 1099 or W2….22k is the max. After that, for every $2 I earn they take away $1 of my social security.It’s likely we’ll just create our own, but the Caren LLC might work too…what’s the cost of the LLC / S corp.?
Thanks Marcel….Kyle MaloneSent from my iPad

On Jan 9, 2025, at 5:46 PM, Marcel Oliveira <marcel@trysymple.com> wrote:

﻿Kyle:

Thanks for your patience. My schedule has been dicy over the last couple of days. 

Yes, I still do LLC's and yes, one would help your situation. I am not sure whether your work restrictions apply only to W-2 salaried work, or both W-2 and 1099 independent contractor work. But either way, the LLC will help. If your restrictions are only for W-2 work, you can work for the LLC or through the LLC as a 1099. If your restrictions also extend to 1099 work, you can still be an owner of the LLC and take the equivalent of dividends--and then "work" as much as you want without raising any flags. And in either of those scenarios, the LLC can deduct any costs that are business-related, which does save you a bunch of cash on taxes. 

I will be setting up an LLC as part of Caren's visa. But adding you as an owner to that LLC may complicate things for Caren, as there are certain ownership and control requirements that would apply to Caren's LLC (and the need to have her or other Philippines passport holders hold all the cards). So, at least until Caren is in the United States, you would probably want your own. 

Let me know if you want to get your LLC up and running for this fiscal year. You typically have until March 15 to get one up and running and backtrack the S election--by far the most beneficial tax structure for you--to the beginning of the fiscal year.


Marcel Oliveira





On Wed, Jan 8, 2025 at 4:12 PM Kyle M. <engineer.kyle@icloud.com> wrote:
Hey Marcel,I hope you’re doing well… I was wondering if you still do LLC’s? Lu and I are thinking of creating a LLC for the family to work out of…I have earning restrictions being retired (early retirement). I think this year I can earn more?…but not sure yet. I might have to wait till JAN 2026… anyways, working under a LLC would solve that issue. And the LLC could pay milage reimbursement or flight reimbursements for travel. And I’m not sure how to do it yet, but the Philippines will have clients too so we can have money work harder for us…
What say you?….thanks for the input in advance.
Regards,

Kyle Malone | c 608-209-2844
From MacOS































