From: Marcel Oliveira <marcel@trysymple.com>
To: "yle.ossola@gmail.com" <yle.ossola@gmail.com>
Date: Wed, 24 Feb 2021 14:31:26 +0000
Subject: Green Card Renewal
Message-ID: <MW3PR22MB21387E6A36636FC80F789D25C09F9@MW3PR22MB2138.namprd22.prod.outlook.com>

Good morning Ylenia:

 

As promised, here is the scoop on the removal of conditions for your green card. 

 

First, the “what”: petition to “remove conditions.” Since you got a marriage-based green card within two years of getting married, your green card is “conditional.” Therefore, 90 days before it expires, you need to apply to “remove conditions” – which essentially means renewing it for another 10 years. You do so by filing more forms with USCIS and submitting evidence that (1) you have remained married and (2) your marriage is based on a real relationship (the latter being the same thing you proved the first time around). 

 

Second, the “why”: keeping your permanent residence. 

 

If you do not file to remove conditions before your green card expires, you can lose your permanent residence. That means the “clock restarts”: you can get another green card, but your path to citizenship resets to another 3 years from when you get the new green card – not 3 years from when you got your first green card.

 

If you do file to remove conditions before your green card expires, you keep your permanent residence. Once you file, you get an I-797 receipt which becomes your proof of permanent residency status while you wait for your new green card – no matter how long that takes. Which is a good thing, since renewed green cards are now taking about 12 months to be issued.

 

The most important part it this: if you do file to remove conditions before your green card expires, your citizenship “clock” continues to run from the issue date of your first green card. Meaning, while you wait for your new green card, it does not stop. In your case, you can still apply for citizenship 3 years after your first green card arrives – even if the new green card arrives the day before that 3 year anniversary. 

 

Third, the “how”: the petition’s requirements. 

 
Proof of “real relationship” underlying the marriage. This will be the same kinds of materials from the first petition: pictures, proof of joint assets (bank accounts, insurance policies, real estate, vehicles), proof of joint liabilities (bills, credit card statements), and proof of joint residence (lease, real estate title). The difference is that, this time, we will submit evidence dating both before the first green card and after.
 
Affidavits. This is new and different from the first green card petition. You will get three witnesses that can attest to the fact that they have observed you and your husband as a married couple, preferably living together, within the last year or two. They will then sign, and get notarized, written statements to that effect. This is probably where I am most useful: I write up the language, structure it as a formal affidavit, and can even arrange for notarization.  
 
Fees and costs. 
 
My fee to prepare the petition is $1,500. You pay this to start the process. Once the process starts, I send you the questionnaire for the USCIS forms, and start working on writing the affidavits for your witnesses.
 
The government’s filing fee is $680. You can wait to pay this until we actually file. 
 

Fourth, the “when”: a (conservative) estimate of the timetable. 

 

It used to be that these petitions were done in 3-6 months. Now they are taking 12 months on average. Again, that timing does not change the fact that (1) you remain a permanent resident, with the same rights, and (2) your “citizenship clock” continues to run, while you wait. 

 

It is possible, even expected, that the wait time will be gradually reduced going forward. The reason being the change in administration: the new administration has generally directed USCIS to move faster on petitions (while the previous administration had directed the opposite). 

 

In any event, I would rather give you a conservative, long-wait estimate of the timetable. So here it is:

 
March 2021: We file the removal petition. Technically, you can file the petition any time between (a) 90 days before your current card expires and (b) the day in which it actually expires. However, if you want your I-797 receipt before that, I recommend filing as soon as the 90-day mark hits.  
 
March 2021 to June 2021: You receive your I-797 receipt as proof of continuing permanent residence. You use that to obtain any new legal documents you may need that would otherwise require a valid green card (for example, travel permission on a passport, re-entry into the United States, driver licenses, etc.). 
 
January to March 2022: You receive your second green card. 
 
March 2022: You can apply for citizenship.  
 

That will be it for now. If you have any questions, let me know. Meanwhile, I will shoot you an invoice via a separate email to get the process started. 

 

Sincerely, 

 

 

Marcel S. Oliveira, J.D.

President and CEO

SYMPLE

