212 Olde Pulley Lane
Apartment L
Menasha, WI 53952

July 25, 2016

VIA EMAIL
Congressman Glenn Rothman
1020 South Main Street
Suite B
Fond du LAC, WI 54935

	Re:	Congressional Inquiry into U.S. Citizenship and Immigrant Service
		On behalf of Brent S. Jacobs of Menasha, WI

To whom it may concern:

	My name is Brent Jacobs, and I am a resident of Menasha, WI.  I am writing to request your office’s help with an inquiry into an immigrant visa petition for my wife, Lauren Garth, with the United States Citizenship and Immigration Service (the “Service”).

	My wife, an Australian citizen, entered the United States through a fiancée visa in May of 2015.  We married the following month.  In July of 2015, we petitioned the Service to adjust my wife’s status to that of a permanent resident (a green card holder).  The Service assigned our petition case numbers MSC1591454170 and MSC1591454171 and issued receipts via U.S. mail.  The Service deposited the $1,490.00 check we issued for payment of the filing fees associated with the petition.

In April of 2016, the Service notified us that, in February of 2016, the notice of interview in our case had been returned because the postal service could not deliver it to our address.  We immediately contacted the Service to request a new notice, but it was too late: a few days later, we received letters from the Service denying our petition because we had missed the interview in February.  

In May of 2016, we submitted to the Service a motion to reopen our case.  In support of motion, we provided a detailed explanation of how we had never received the notice of interview, and had not been told of the problem with the postal service until two months had passed.  Once again, the Service deposited the $630.00 check we issued for payment of the filing fee associated with the motion to reopen.  We later received a receipt from the Service assigning our motion to reopen the case number X.

In June of 2016, we received a notice that the Service had rejected our motion to reopen.  The notice stated that the reason for the rejection was that we had issued an incorrect payment for an adjustment of status petition – which was the type of petition we had originally filed and the Service had originally processed.  The rejection notice made no reference to our motion to reopen; instead, it referenced a totally separate case number: MSC1691133000.  

At this point, my wife and I would like your office’s assistance in contacting the Service.  We believe our original petition was denied in error: we had no way of knowing that the notice of interview had been returned due to a problem with the postal service – and the Service did not notify us of the problem until two months after the missed interview date.  We also believe our motion to reopen was denied in error: the rejection notice seems to reference a completely different case with a completely different fee. 

Thank you for your time and consideration.  If you would like further information, please do not hesitate to contact me.


Sincerely, 


Brent S. Jacobs

	 


