From: "Marcel S. Oliveira" <marcel@symplestart.com>
To: "engineer.kyle@icloud.com" <engineer.kyle@icloud.com>
Date: Mon, 14 Sep 2020 18:13:52 -0400
Subject: Re: Last paycheck stub of 2019....
Message-ID: <1CE57C5A-2BF3-44F7-8876-1B443ECFEEE1@symplestart.com>

Kyle:

Good to hear about the family and about the health.  Like you said, you got the short end of the stick — but you still got a stick.  Glad you are doing better, though. 

I am indeed physically in New York.  I love it out here.  It is the place to be for immigration work — and most everything else.  Like you said, I do not enjoy it.  But the crowd I meet up here, businesses and individuals, is second to none in terms of demand and connections.  So I am definitely into it. 

The citizenship process takes a long time — which is why I mentioned getting rolling on David’s.  Luwilyn’s next step will be to receive a notice of interview; that usually comes 6 weeks before the interview.  The question, of course, is when the interview will take place. At the time we file, the interview was averaging 5-6 months from filing date.  So it may be another couple of months before she gets a notice. 

Let me know when you feel like getting David’s started.  I would be happy to start on the paperwork with just my fee; and we can wait on the tax cash to actually file (since the filing fee is the bulk of the cost there). 

And again let me know if any other financial paperwork is needed.  I should be able to turn that around for you fairly quickly. 

M A R C E L   O L I V E I R A   |   C h i e f   E x e c u t i v e   O f f i c e r
s  y  m  p  l  e    s  t  a  r  t

(212) 464-7255 | Marcel@SympleStart.com

SympleStart.com


On Sep 14, 2020, at 4:03 PM, Kyle Malone <engineer.kyle@icloud.com> wrote:

Marcel,
We are doing okay I guess. Luwi still loves the job. David too. I’m still jobless…and sort of loving that too. I’ve had an opportunity to work at Boeing again. But I really have no desire to live and work in Seattle at this time. Too lawless for me. I don’t know anyone living and working there now, who is happy about it either. The job would have been COVID work from home a while. But then relocate. I was honest and told them what I just stated in this email… so, I’m not expecting to hear another offer from them.

My condition health wise is improving. I sound like a robot with my electro larynx, and I’m pretty good now using it. About 40-50% of people still freak out and hang up when the new voice says "hello, this is Kyle”. I’m not crazy about it either…but it beats death! My doctor in Wisconsin really didn’t do me ANY favors. He kept telling me it was laryngitis and stop talking so much. The original cut is from ear to ear. They also do 25 partials for lymph nodes and 2 partials on the thyroid glands. And out of all the samples…no more cancer. So, we caught it too late to save the throat, but early enough to save the rest of the body. So, all things considered Marcel, I got lucky.

Hows your new venture? I asked you last time if your just marketing in NYC or actually living there? I would think NYC would be a good place for immigration representation and processing. I hope it goes very well for you. I realize its not your favorite thing to do…but you're good at it.

Oh yes…Luwilyn has not heard a word since she filed for citizenship. Also, we weren’t sure what she should study to prepare for the next step? Please let us know or send a packet when the time is right.

Now, David wants citizenship too. I’m waiting on taxes to clear up before I drop the money. Hopefully soon. Minnesota is the only ones looking like they might audit. Feds just had me confirm address and banking info fir direct deposit using their double verification program. So, once I’m confirmed “clear of audits” I’ll move forward.

Its really good to know your out there. Thanks so much for getting back to me so quickly. If you need anything from us…please reach out.
All the best.

Kyle Malone | c 608-209-2844
>From MacBook Pro

On Sep 14, 2020, at 2:36 PM, Marcel Oliveira <marcel@symplestart.com> wrote:

<200914_pay_stub.pdf>



