From: Marcel Oliveira <marcel@trysymple.com>
To: Jesus Izaguirre <izaguirr@gmail.com>
Date: Wed, 22 Jun 2022 10:03:57 -0700
Subject: Re: Receipt?
Message-ID: <CAMOiGMjB=y1RknEJNbfPU3k3CYS2BKGZb6T0mRB0A0wW066iuA@mail.gmail.com>


   Jesus:

Apologies, I have been behind on email. 

Generally, you should only reschedule interview only if you absolutely must. To ask for a new interview date, you must have a "good cause.” 

USCIS does not set out a rule for good cause. Something like a family or medical emergency always qualifies as good cause. A business trip may qualify as good cause—but there is no guarantee. If the trip cannot be changed and, most importantly, cannot be refunded, then you may be able to reschedule. But again, no guarantees.

If you want to try it, I can help you with a formal, written request based on the USCIS rules. It would be a decent amount of work, so I would have to add a separate charge for it; but I would cap it at one hour ($500).

Do you want to give it a try? Or is the trip something you can change?

P.S.: Can you forward me a picture or scan of the interview notice?


Marcel S. Oliveira, J.D.
Chief Executive Officer
 
31 Hudson Yards | Floor 11 | New York | NY | 10001
t. +1 (212) 464-7255
 
* This email may contain privileged or confidential information. This includes client information which privacy laws protect. Reviewing, disseminating, distributing, or copying any of this information is prohibited. If you are not the intended recipient of this message, please contact the sender and destroy the message. Symple is not a law firm. This email does not contain, or should not be relied upon as, legal or tax advice. 




   
On Jun 20, 2022 at 10:59:45 AM, Jesus Izaguirre <izaguirr@gmail.com> wrote:

   

       
Hi Marcel

Hope you are doing well

I received a notice of interview for citizenship on Saturday July 16. However, I will be on a business trip in Europe so I will need to reschedule
What is your advice? Can I call and reschedule for this reason, or do I need a stronger reason?

Best
Jesus

On Wed, Mar 2, 2022 at 5:20 PM Marcel Oliveira <marcel@trysymple.com
wrote:
Good afternoon Jesus:

Happy… Wednesday. At least the weather is nice.

Quick question? Did you get that receipt in the mail? It should be with you by now. The filing fee charge to my credit card dates back more than 2 weeks. 

If you did not, let me know. I have to call and ask for a copy to be sent here. 

Thanks in advance. 

Marcel S. Oliveira, J.D.
Chief Executive Officer
 
31 Hudson Yards | Floor 11 | New York | NY | 10001
t. +1 (212) 464-7255
 
* This email may contain privileged or confidential information. This includes client information which privacy laws protect. Reviewing, disseminating, distributing, or copying any of this information is prohibited. If you are not the intended recipient of this message, please contact the sender and destroy the message. Symple is not a law firm. This email does not contain, or should not be relied upon as, legal or tax advice. 



   

